rain heat some coal every day the
powerful forces of time and weather pose
the threat to valuable property
developments in chemical engineering
have created coating solutions which
serve as a tough decorative barrier
between valuable property and the
corrosive effects of time and the
elements today increasingly
sophisticated combinations of primers
bind as solvents and epoxies provide the
world's industries and homeowners access
to quality coatings in an infinite
spectrum of colors decades of investment
in research and development have made
uten a leading supplier of long-lasting
antifouling paints and ballast tank
treatment coatings to the global
maritime industry in fact for more than
80 years yotan has been a pioneer
developing products which have changed
how the world thinks about planes today
Newton provides coating solutions to
four segments green protective
decorative and powder coatings and
u-turn coatings can be found everywhere
in the world from the storm-tossed seas
of the Arctic to the sporting sands of
the Middle East from the icy depths of
the ocean floor to the world's busy
capital cities
with more than 70 companies and 40
production facilities spread throughout
the world Luton is a truly global
company
Newton's ability to produce coatings
worldwide is an essential part of the
company's success especially in the
protective coating segment today utin
produces protective coatings for
offshore structures skyscrapers power
stations and civic infrastructure and
because of our global distribution
network our protective coatings project
teams can deliver the volumes necessary
to handle big projects from oil
refineries to bridges skyscrapers and
historic landmarks Newton has the
capacity and distribution in place to
deliver on any project large or small
but becoming a world leader takes more
than innovation and production it takes
a keen understanding of the changing
requirements of our customers every day
you tune sales and marketing personnel
work to develop products and services to
meet the ever-changing demands of
consumers by providing access to over
5500 in shop tinting machines worldwide
and trained color advisors on hand to
give advice you tunes decorative paint
sales and marketing teams offer
consumers and businesses unprecedented
choice and convenience including family
homes luxury hotels mountain cabins and
office towers uten decorative paints
help make the world a more exciting
colorful place
at u-turn we believe in building
long-term relationships with our
customers whether they are ship owners
or homeowners oil companies or equipment
manufacturers after all until it is
applied paint is an unfinished product
that's why utin has developed one of the
most comprehensive after sales services
in the industry whether offering
technical advice on surface application
for a ship or a bridge or in a paint
store yotan provides the expertise to
finish the job
the application of tartar coatings is
perhaps the most complex process
Newton's popular Koro coat series is an
industry leader for the protection of
industrial functional and architectural
uses efficient application using
electrostatic spraying techniques avoids
health risks and minimizes impacts on
the environment the product is then
cured resulting in a tough durable
coating and because powder coatings are
solvent free they have minimal impact on
the environment powder coatings protect
a broad range of consumer and industrial
equipment such as lawn mowers window
frames and industrial piping
the quality of u-turns innovation global
production capacity sales and marketing
expertise and technical service has made
our company a preferred supplier for
some of the most remarkable buildings in
the world these projects require utens
unique and comprehensive coatings
expertise from different segments
protective coatings are used to prevent
corrosion of structural features powder
coatings are used to protect
architectural features and decorative
paints are used to paint interiors we
call it a single source solution at more
than 800 metres the Burj Dubai is the
tallest building in the world
it will require 487 thousand litres of
decorative and protective paint and 100
metric tons of powder coating to protect
this iconic building from high desert
winds scorching heat and the powerful
Sun these figures may be impressive but
utens greatest contribution to this or
any project cannot be measured in liters
of paint it is utans 6000 employees who
have carried the penguin spirit to all
parts of the world
from the storm-tossed seas of the Arctic
to the scorching sands of the Middle
East from the icy depths of the ocean
floor to the world's busy capital cities
uten personnel are there working in
multinational teams to get the job done